Buchanan Field Airport is an airport in Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is 27 nautical miles (50 km) northeast of San Francisco International Airport. The airport has a control tower and a lot of general aviation traffic. More than 500 aircraft are based on the field.
Chamomile, also known as camomile, is a plant from the genus Anthemis. Its name comes from the Greek word chamaimelon, meaning "ground apple", because of its smell. It has white or yellow flowers, and over 100 species. It can be used as a medicine or as tea. It has been shown to make rodents feel calmer, and helps make people less stressful. It is the national flower of Russia.
Bean is the name used for the seeds of plants. Most of these plants are known as legumes. Their scientific name is Fabaceae. Common beans, lentils, soybeans, peas are some types of beans. Beans contain a lot of fibre. They are also high in protein. Vetches and lupins are all in that group of plants but not all legumes are edible. Laburnums for example are very poisonous as are some lupins.
Lucien Bouchard is a Canadian retired lawyer, diplomat, politician and former Minister of the Environment of the Canadian Federal Government.
Wetzlar is a city at the river Lahn in Hesse in Germany. It is near Frankfurt. The number of people in the city is about 53,000.
Lunestedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.
Diplocaulus was an early amphibian, now extinct. It had a boomerang-shaped head formed by two long bones at the back of the head. It had four short legs, and a short, flattened tail. It was about 3 feet long.
The Chubu Electric MIRAI TOWER is a TV tower in Nagoya, central Japan.
Villarroya de la Sierra is a municipality in the Province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. In 2004, 622 people lived here.
Anne Buttimer was an Irish geographer. She was emeritus professor of geography at University College, Dublin. She was born in Cork, Ireland. She was president of the IGU 2000–2004 and the first geographer to be vice-president of Academia Europaea in 2012.
Lusigliè is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.
Rhadamistus was an Iberian prince who reigned in Armenia from 51 to 53 and 54 to 55 CE.
Stormtroopers are highly trained human soldiers In the Star Wars universe. They are the main military forces for the Galactic Empire. During the original Star Wars movie series they worked for Darth Sidious and Darth Vader.
The 2020 United States presidential election in Utah was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election. Incumbent President Donald Trump, and his running mate Vice President Mike Pence had won 6 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Monrovia is a city in California, United States. Monrovia is the fourth-oldest general-law city in Los Angeles County and the L.A. Basin. Incorporated in 1887, it has grown from a sparse community of orange ranches to a residential community of over 37,000. The population was 37,931 at the 2020 census.
Karl Barth (1886-1968) was a Protestant theologian who started a movement in theology that is now called Neo-Orthodoxy. He wrote Church Dogmatics and the Gottingen Dogmatics, as well as a number of Biblical commentaries, most famously on the Book of Romans. He was heavily involved in the authorship of the anti-Nazi Barmen declaration in 1934.
Guion is a city in the US state of Arkansas.
The Porsche Cayenne is a series of automobiles manufactured by the German company Porsche since 2002. It is a luxury crossover SUV. It is thought of being a full-sized or a mid-sized vehicle.
San Marino is the capital of the tiny nation of San Marino. It is the third largest city in the country, after Dogana and Borgo Maggiore.
Foals are a dance-punk band from Oxford who play a mixture of Indie, techno and Math-Rock. The band work with Transgressive Records.
Continental AG, commonly known as Continental or colloquially as Conti, is a leading German automotive manufacturing company specializing in tires, brake systems, automotive safety, powertrain and chassis components, tachographs, and other parts for the automotive and transportation industries. Continental is based in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Montferland is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 36,000 people were living there in 2021.
Whang-od Oggay is a Filipino tattoo artist from Buscalan, Tinglayan, Kalinga, Philippines.
Mohammad-Reza Rahchamani was an Iranian physician and reformist politician. From 1984 to 2000, he represented Sabzevar in the Iranian Parliament. During the early 2000s, he headed Iran's State Welfare Organization. Rahchamani was born in Sabzevar, Iran.
Dom Anacleto Cordeiro Gonçalves de Oliveira was a Portuguese Roman Catholic prelate. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1970. He was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lisbon from 2005 to 2010. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Viana do Castelo, Portugal, from 2010 until his death.
Solifugae is an order of arachnids sometimes called 'camel spiders', 'wind scorpions' or 'sun spiders'. Although they look rather like spiders, they are not spiders, and they are not scorpions.
Castri di Lecce is a comune in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.
N is the fourteenth letter in the English alphabet.
Lincoln is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,845.
Brandon Paak Anderson, better known as Anderson .Paak is an American singer, rapper, drummer and record producer. He became a leading popular music performer of the 2010's. Paak has won eight Grammy Awards.
Ángela Lavinia Valbonesi Acosta is an Ecuadorian businesswoman, nutritionist, and social media influencer and the First Lady of Ecuador since 2023. She is the wife of the President of Ecuador Daniel Noboa.
Little Willie was a prototype in the development of the British Mark I tank. Constructed in the autumn of 1915 at the behest of the Landship Committee, it was the first completed tank prototype in history.
The Kaduna kidnapping took place on 11 March 2021, when at least 30 students were kidnapped in Kaduna State, Nigeria, during an attack by gunmen on the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization.
3:10 to Yuma is a 1957 American western movie directed by Delmer Daves and was based on the 1953 short story of the same name by Elmore Leonard. It stars Glenn Ford, Van Heflin, Felicia Farr, Leora Dana, Robert Emhardt, Ford Rainey, Richard Jaeckel, Robert Ellenstein and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was remade in 2007.
Titusville is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Brevard County.
Nodes of Ranvier are gaps in the myelin sheath of a nerve cell's axon. They have multiple ion channels, allowing ions to move in or out of the axon at those points.
A goalkeeper is someone who protects a team's goal. There are goalkeepers in sports like football (soccer) and ice hockey, for example. The goalkeeper's mission is to prevent the opposing team from scoring a goal. Goalkeepers normally wear more protective gear than other players on the team but this is not always true.
Campagna is a small town in the region of Campania in Italy.
Coomera is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2009.
Martin Edward Dempsey, sometimes known as Marty Dempsey, is a retired United States Army general. He was the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from October 1, 2011 until September 25, 2015. He was the 37th Chief of Staff of the Army from April 11, 2011 to September 7, 2011. He retired on September 25, 2015.
Eta Carinae is a superbright hypergiant star in the constellation Carina, about 7,500 to 8,000 light-years from the Sun.
Hurricane Dorian was a tragic 2019 tropical cyclone. The storm hit the British and United States Virgin Islands and nearly hit Puerto Rico. It was the fourth named storm, second hurricane, first major hurricane, and a first Category 5 hurricane of the 2019 Atlantic hurricane season.
Preston is a city in North West England which is the county town of Lancashire. It is near the River Ribble. It became a city in 2002. This was the 50th year of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Douglas S. Chin is an American attorney and politician who served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii from February to December 2018. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 14th Attorney General of Hawaii.
Salgen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.
Arpajon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.
Francesco Graziani is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.
The Division of Bendigo is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was created in 1900 first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Bendigo. In the early years was covered only Bendigo, but on later boundaries the seat has included towns such as Echuca, Castlemaine, Maryborough and Seymour. It now includes Bendigo, Castlemaine, Kyneton and Maldon.
Chester Trent Lott, Sr. is an American politician. He is a former United States Senator from Mississippi. He was a member of both the United States House of Representatives and the Senate. He became Senate Majority Leader, then fell from power after praising Strom Thurmond's 1948 segregationist Dixiecrat presidential bid.
Lafourche Crossing is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Jason Michael Palmer is an American politician, entrepreneur and impact investor. He was a candidate in the 2024 Democratic Party presidential primaries. On March 5, 2024, Palmer defeated incumbent president Joe Biden in the 2024 American Samoa Democratic presidential caucuses by a vote of 51 to 40.
Tim O'Brien is an American novelist who served as a soldier in the Vietnam War. Much of his writing is about wartime Vietnam, and his work later in life often explores the postwar lives of its veterans.
Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov was a Soviet/Russian historical linguist. His main topic of study is Indo-European languages.
Brian Kevin Fitzpatrick is an American politician, attorney, and former FBI agent. He has been the U.S. representative from Pennsylvania since 2017. He is a moderate Republican. He won re-election to a fifth term in 2024. Fitzpatrick represents the wealthiest congressional district in the state of Pennsylvania.
Anti-Turkism or Turkophobia is a term of being fearful, racist and discriminative against Turkish people or Turkic countries.
Air fresheners are consumer products that make an area smell different or better.
Hà Nam is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Phủ Lý.
Vincent du Vigneaud was an American biochemist. He won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1955 for his work on oxytocin.
Kheer is an Indian sweet made with short thin strands of semiya. It is a Hindi word.This sweet originated from India. It is made by boiling bambino or vermicelli in milk. It is best when served hot.
Timothy James McVeigh was a United States Army veteran and security guard who bombed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. He was convicted of 11 United States federal offenses, and was sentenced to death and executed for his role in the April 19, 1995 bombing. Immediately prior to his execution, McVeigh observed the Last Rites with a Catholic priest.
The Seward Peninsula is a large peninsula on the western coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. It sticks out about 320 kilometers (200 mi) into the Bering Sea. It is just below the Arctic Circle. The peninsula is about 210 miles (330 km) long and 90 to 140 miles wide.
Ferdinando "Nando" Gazzolo was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Savona, Italy. Gazzolo was known for his roles in West and Soda (1965), He Who Shoots First (1966) and La ragione degli altri (1965).
Marthe Keller is a television, movie and stage actress who was originally from Switzerland. She starred opposite Dustin Hoffman in the movie Marathon Man and performed in Black Sunday the following year.
Alerheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is Christoph Achmid.
Charles Richard Moll was an American actor. He was best known for playing Aristotle Nostradamus "Bull" Shannon, the bailiff on the NBC sitcom Night Court from 1984 to 1992 and as the voice of Harvey Dent/Two-Face in Batman-related shows.
Chiang Kai-shek was a Chinese nationalist politician and military leader who was President of the Republic of China, born in Xikou on October 31, 1887. His father was a merchant who died when Chiang was eight years old. Chiang became an officer in the army of the Manchu empire, but supported the Chinese Xinhai Revolution of 1911 that converted China into a republic.
Marcelo Luis Ebrard Casaubón is a Mexican politician. He is a member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). On 1 December 2018 he was appointed Foreign Secretary by Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador. He was president of the United Nations Global Network on Safer Cities. From 2006 until 2012, he was Mayor of Mexico City.
The bicolored frog or Malabar frog is a species of frog that only lives in the Western Ghats of India. The tadpoles of the species are black and make schools that are very close together in slow-moving streams in forested areas.
Maria de Lourdes Ruivo da Silva de Matos Pintasilgo, GCC GCIH GCL ; was a Portuguese chemical engineer and politician. She was the first and to date only woman to serve as Prime Minister of Portugal, and the second woman to serve as Prime Minister in Western Europe, after Margaret Thatcher.
Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco is the second child of Mohammed VI of Morocco and his wife, Princess Lalla Salma. Lalla Khadija's elder brother is Moulay Hassan, Crown Prince of Morocco.
Kenneth Joseph Arrow was an American economist. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics with John Hicks in 1972. Until 2019, he was the youngest person to have received this award, at 51.
Screech owls or screech-owls are typical owls in the family Strigidae. They are in the genus Megascops. Human beings know about 24 living species of screech owls, but there might be more. People often find new ones, especially in the Andes.
Tatooine is a desert planet in the fictional Star Wars universe. Anakin Skywalker was raised on Tatooine, and his son Luke Skywalker grew up there.
Sonderkommandos were special work groups made up of prisoners in the Nazi extermination camps during World War II. They worked in and around the gas chambers, which the Nazis used to murder many people.
Boueza is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the southwest. Its capital is Madingou.
Scarlett Johansson is an American actress, model and singer. She is best known for her roles in the movies The Avengers, Lost in Translation, Girl With a Pearl Earring, Match Point, and The Prestige.
Ögedei (1186-1241) was the third son of Genghis Khan and second Great Khan of the Mongol Empire, after his father. He continued to make his father's empire larger. Like all of Genghis's other sons, he helped to conquer western China and Central Asia.
The Waterworks Museum is a museum in the Chestnut Hill Waterworks building.
Lawrenceville is a city in Gwinnett County, Georgia, in the United States. It is the county seat of Gwinnett County and is the second oldest city in the Atlanta metropolitan area. According to the 2020 census, 30,629 people lived there.
John Houseman was a Romanian-born British–American actor and movie producer. He was known for working with Orson Welles. Houseman was known for his role as Professor Charles Kingsfield in the movie The Paper Chase (1973).
Aritzo (Arìtzo) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,303 people lived there. Its area is 75.58 km². It is 796 meters above sea level.
Fair Oaks is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.
Pithecopus nordestinus is a frog that lives in Brazil.
Ham, according to the Bible, was Noah's youngest son and the ancestor of the peoples of Africa. His name means "hot".
Charles Francis "Chuck" Dolan was an American billionaire. He was the founder of Cablevision. Dolan's business controls AMC Networks, MSG Networks, and The Madison Square Garden Company, which at one point were all part of Cablevision itself.
Mer Rouge is a village in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a outer suburb of Bastrop.
Alfred Spiro Moisiu is an Albanian politician. He was the fourth President of the Republic of Albania from 2002–2007. He is the eldest son of famed Albanian Army general Spiro Moisiu.
Rob Lowe is an American actor. He has acted in many television programs and movies. He was in Parks and Recreation between 2010 and 2015, The West Wing between 1999 and 2003 and in the movies St. Elmo Fire and Wayne's World. He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The ostracoderms are a class of extinct fish. They were bony-armoured jawless fish, the Osteostraci. They lived in what is now North America, Europe and Russia from the Middle Silurian to Upper Devonian. They were the first fish to use gills just for respiration.
The red breasted parakeet or moustached parakeet is among the more widespread species of the genus and is the species which has the most geographical variations.
Gurgy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.
Shabnim Ismail is a cricketer from South Africa. Ismail plays for the South Africa women's national cricket team. She was born on October 5, 1988.
A panzer, pronounced, is a German tank used in World War II. The term also means armoured military groups, as in panzer divisions or panzer battles.
A migraine is a medical condition which usually causes a pounding, throbbing headache on one side of the head. The pain may be very bad and hurt so much that a person may have a hard time doing anything. While most people who have migraines get a headache, not everyone does. There are different kinds of migraines, and some do not cause a headache but do have other symptoms.
Ian McElhinney is a Northern Irish actor and director. He has appeared in many television series. He is known for his role as Barristan Selmy in Game of Thrones, and as General Dodonna in Rogue One.
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix, originally called Leaf Phoenix, is an American actor. He is from a family of actors, like his brother, the late actor River Phoenix. He has been nominated four times for the Academy Award, winning once in 2020. He also won the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, BAFTA and Grammy Awards.
The Tragedy of Gorboduc is the earliest English tragedy in blank verse. It was written by Thomas Sackville and Thomas Norton. The writers took the story of the play from Geoffrey of Monmouth's History of the Kings of Britain (1138). The play premiered before Queen Elizabeth I on 18 January 1561. It was first printed in 1565. It was printed again in 1570 as The Tragedy of Ferrex and Porrex.
Mile Mrkšić was a Serb Colonel of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) in charge of the unit involved in the Battle of Vukovar during the Croatian War of Independence in 1991. He was convicted for not preventing the mass killing of 264 Croats that followed the fall of Vukovar, and sentenced to 20 years.
Hinterrhein was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the municipalities Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen joined together to become the new municipality called Rheinwald.
Blaise Compaoré is a former President of Burkina Faso. He served from 1987 until his resignation in 2014. He started a political party called the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP). This is the ruling party of Burkina Faso. Compaoré became president in 1987 after a military coup and the assassination of Thomas Sankara, who was president then.
The Crimean Tatar Wikipedia is the Crimean Tatar language edition of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia. The articles were originally written in Wikimedia Incubator, and the Crimean Tatar Wikipedia was created on January 12, 2008. As of, Crimean Tatar has 29586 articles.
330 (CCCXXX) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar, the 330th year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 330th year of the 1st millennium, the 30th year of the 4th century, and the 1st year of the 330s decade. As of the start of 330, the Gregorian calendar was  1 day ahead of the Julian calendar, which was the dominant calendar of the time.
The Battle of Puebla took place on 5 May 1862, near Puebla City in Mexico. It was part of the "Second French intervention in Mexico". The Mexican Army won over the occupying French soldiers.
David C. O’Neal was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Belleville, Illinois.
Long is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.
Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 174,241. The county seat is Opelika, and the largest city is Auburn. The county is named for General Robert E. Lee (1807–1870), who served as General in Chief of the Armies of the Confederate States in 1865.
John "Sonny" Franzese, Sr. was an Italian-American longtime member and underboss of the Colombo crime family. Franzese was famous as the oldest active member of the American Mafia. Franzese was an associate producer of the 2002 movie This Thing of Ours.
Bustards are land birds of the order Otidiformes. The are Old World birds which live on dry grassland. They have strong legs and can stomp on small prey. They eat leaves, buds, seeds, fruit, small vertebrates, and invertebrates. There are about 27 species in 12 genera. Most of these occur in Africa, two species also occur in Europe.
Aleksandr Vitalievich Gordon was a Russian actor and movie director. He was born in Moscow. His career began in 1956. His best known role as George in The Killers (1956). He directed and wrote the 1957 student movie There Will Be No Leave Today.
A water-tube boiler is a type of boiler in which water circulates in tubes heated by fire from outside. The fire is produced by the fuel being burned inside the furnace for the boiler.
Flemingsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Fleming County.
The arrondissement of Villefranche-de-Rouergue is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aveyron département in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprfecture of the department, is the city of Villefranche-de-Rouergue.
Smyrna is a city in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 55,663.
Boksitogorsk is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 16,585 people lived there.
The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in the United States. It rests in Davis, Oklahoma. A Small town of a bit over the 2500 population. There are many things to do in this historic small tourist town. come and see for yourself. Brenda Lack Stokes is a native Davisite town and welcomes the world to visit this wonderful place.
Fess Elisha Parker, Jr., was an American actor.
A pocket watch is a timepiece that is kept in the pocket rather than worn on a wrist (wristwatch). It is thought to be invented by Peter Henlein.
Ischemic colitis, also spelled ischaemic colitis, is a medical condition in which inflammation and injury cause an inadequite blood supply to the large instestine. It occurs more often in older people.
A mono-ski is a sled used by a skier with paraplegia, spina bifida, muscular dystrophy, or cerebral palsy. Mono-skis are used only in para-alpine skiing. People who use mono-skis need good balance to stop themselves from falling over. The mono-ski has a chair with one ski attached to the bottom.
John Evans Fiifi Atta Mills was a Ghanaian politician, a lawyer, a legal scholar, a tax expert and a sports administrator. He became President of Ghana after he was elected in 2009. He died on 24 July 2012 from throat cancer.
California's 42nd congressional district is a congressional district from the state of California. The district is represented by Republican Ken Calvert. The district is in Riverside County in the Inland Empire, as has the cities of Eastvale, Norco, Corona, Lake Elsinore, Menifee, Wildomar, Murrieta, as well as parts of Temecula.
The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council (国务院台湾事务办公室) is a government agency under China's State Council. This agency handles policy and politics relevant to Taiwan. Ma Xiaoguang was the spokesperson from 2014 to mid-2023, and the current spokesperson is Chen Binhua.
Rodez is a commune in southwestern France in the department of Aveyron, of which it is its prefecture. It is in the region of Occitanie.
The Penny Lilac was a postage stamp in Great Britain. It was first issued on 12 July 1881. It was used until 1901. This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and huge numbers were printed.
Sakura Wars is a TV show based off and inspired by Sakura Wars, a video game released by Sega and Red Entertainment in 1996 for the Sega Saturn, the anime adaptation was created by Studio Madhouse and it aired on TBS in 2000 with a total of 25 episodes and a movie that aired in 2001.
Gentianales are an order of flowering plants. Under the APG definition some well-known members of Gentianales are coffee, gardenias, and frangipani.
The Kyoto National Museum  or KNM is one of the major art museums in Japan. It is in Higashiyama Ward in Kyoto.
Apure is one of the 23 states (estados) of Venezuela. The state capital is San Fernando de Apure.
Chamarande is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.
Julio Oscar Mechoso was an American actor. He was born in Miami, Florida. He was known of his roles in Grindhouse, Bad Boys, Ken Park and Little Miss Sunshine. His television roles included Miami Vice, Coach, Seinfeld, and Greetings from Tucson.
Richmond is a village in McHenry County, Illinois, United States, 44 miles south-southwest of Milwaukee, Wisconsin and 55 miles northwest of Chicago. The population was 2,089 at the 2020 census.
Le Rialet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.
Dominique Baudis was a French ombudsman, journalist and politician. He was the Mayor of Toulouse, Haute-Garonne from March 1983 until January 2001. He was also a member of DL and later of the leading centre-right Union for a Popular Movement. He was born in Paris.
The Division of Dunkley is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. It was set up in 1984 and is named for Louisa Margaret Dunkley, a trade unionist and campaigner for equal pay for women. It covers an area of 140 km2 in the southern suburbs of Melbourne. It includes Frankston, Mornington and Mount Eliza.
The Royal Society of Literature (RSL) is a Learned society in the United KingdomI. It was founded in 1820 by King George IV. He created it "to reward people with literary merit and excite literary talent". It has been established as a charity that represents the voice of literature in the UK. The RSL has about 600 Fellows. They are elected from the best writers in any genre currently at work.
Conrad Moffat Black, Baron Black of Crossharbour KCSG, is a Canadian-born British former newspaper publisher, author, and convicted felon. Black was in charge of Hollinger International. It published The Daily Telegraph (UK), Chicago Sun-Times (U.S.), The Jerusalem Post (Israel), National Post (Canada), and hundreds of community newspapers in North America.
Irapuato is a city in the Mexican state of Guanajuato. It is the second-largest city in the state by population. In 2010, 380,941 people lived there.
Cuffies is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 1,803 people lived there.
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that stay that way for some time.
Paul Drummond Cameron is an American psychologist. Cameron is known for being an anti-gay extremist. He worked at the University of Nebraska.
Barbara Rütting was a German actress, politician and author. She appeared in 50 movies between 1952 and 1979. Her notable credits include Turtledove General Delivery (1952), The Last Bridge (1954), Canaris (1954), The Vulture Wally (1956), Town Without Pity (1961) and Doctor Sibelius (1962).
Hilary Dwyer was an English actress, businessperson and movie producer. She was born in Liverpool, England. She was best known for her acting roles in Witchfinder General (1968) and Wuthering Heights (1970). Dwyer also produced An Awfully Big Adventure (1995) and Nil by Mouth (1997).
The Lonely Villa is a short silent crime drama shot by D. W. Griffith. The premiere took place in the US on June 10, 1909.
Francisco "Paco" Frutos Gras was a Spanish politician. From 1998 until 2009, he was the Secretary-General of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE). He was born in Calella, Spain.
Intramuros is a district of the city of Manila in the Philippines. It is surrounded by fortified walls built in the 16th century.
John Belushi was an American actor in movies and television shows.
Verrières-de-Joux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.
A pest is an animal which harms humans or human concerns. It is a loosely defined term; it overlaps with the terms vermin, weeds, parasites and pathogens. In its broadest sense, a pest is a competitor of humanity.
Uraj is a former independent village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County. It has been part of Ózd since 1978.
The third-generation iPhone SE is a smartphone developed and designed by Apple Inc. It is the successor to second-generation iPhone SE, which was released in April 2020. Apple announced the device on March 8, 2022 with pre-orders set on March 11, 2022. It was released on March 18, 2022.
A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands. Many people call them "Shelties". They are popular pets in many countries. Shelties have the same origins with Rough Collie and Border Collie. Shelties are a working dog and are sometimes used for herding.
The CLAAS Jaguar is a silage harvester made by CLAAS. It has a DaimlerChrysler engine.
Ankeny is a city in Iowa in the United States.
Marathon is a town in Greece and the site of the battle of Marathon around 490 BCE.
Vera Clemente was a Puerto Rican philanthropist. She was the head of the Roberto Clemente Foundation. She founded a sports education center in Puerto Rico, and was a Goodwill Ambassador for Major League Baseball.
Menachem Friedman is an Israeli sociologist. He was the Emeritus Professor of sociology at Bar Ilan University, Ramat-Gan. He worked on the field of religion and the confrontations between religious and secular Judaism in modern history. He also studied the modern process of Halachic decision making.
Gustavo Gutiérrez Merino was a Peruvian philosopher, Catholic theologian, and Dominican priest. He was thought to be one of the founders of Latin American liberation theology. He was a professor at the University of Notre Dame. He was known for his writings discussing the question: "How do we [show] the poor that God loves them?". Gutiérrez was born in Lima, Peru.
Thomas Kretschmann is a German movie, television, voice actor best known for playing Leutnant Hans von Witzland in the 1993 film Stalingrad, Hauptmann Wilm Hosenfeld in The Pianist, Hermann Fegelein in Der Untergang, Captain Englehorn in the 2005 remake of King Kong, Valkyrie, and voicing Professor Z in Cars 2.
Hasselt is a municipality in Belgium. It is the capital of the Belgian province Limburg. It lies about half way between Liège and Antwerp. The city is at the river demer and the albertchannel. The city has city privileges since 1232. Today, about 79.089 people live there, the people who live there are called Hasselaars.Most of them are native Dutch speakers.
The Topography of Terror is a history museum in Berlin, Germany. It is both indoors and outdoors. More than one million people visit the museum each year. It is the most visited museum in Berlin.
The Central Coast is an area of California, roughly spanning the coastal region between Point Mugu and Monterey Bay. It lies northwest of Los Angeles and south of the San Francisco Bay Area, and includes the rugged, rural, and sparsely populated stretch of coastline known as Big Sur.
The Domus Sanctae Marthae is a building adjacent to St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City. In 2013, Pope Francis chose it as his residence instead of using the usual papal apartment in the Vatican Apostolic Palace.
A power supply unit (PSU) is a part of the computer that converts alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC). Other parts of the computer need this DC power so that they can work. The PSU makes sure that the DC output voltage can be handled by these computer parts.
A battle-axe is an axe designed for combat. Battle axes were versions of utility axes. Many were suitable for use in one hand, while others were larger and were used two-handed.
The Wright Meridian was a single-decker body of a bus. It had a low floor. It was made from 2007 to 2009 by Wrightbus.
Truro is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.
The 1952 United States presidential election happened on November 4, 1952. This election was between Governor of Illinois Adlai Stevenson and General Dwight D. Eisenhower. Eisenhower won the election by 442 electoral votes. Adlai Stevenson got only 89 electoral votes.
The BSFZ-Arena is a football stadium in the Austrian market town of Maria Enzersdorf in the state of Lower Austria. It is the home ground FC Admira Wacker Mödling. It has 10,600 places. It is located in the Federal Sports and Leisure Centers Austria (BSFZ).
Pregassona is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004, it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Lugano.
Michael Falzon was an Australian musical theatre and rock tenor actor, and producer. He ran his own production company, Good Egg Creative. He was born in Sydney. He was known for his roles in Rock of Ages and Hedwig and The Angry Inch.
Saint-Quentin-en-Tourmont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.
Nankana Sahib District or Khairpur Bhattian is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Nankana Sahib is the capital.
Sigale is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.
Bruno Ghedina was an Italian ice hockey player. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics. He played for SG Cortina. Ghedina won 8 times the scudetto. He was born in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. His career lasted from 1960 until 1975.
The water opossum is also known as the yapok. It is an aquatic marsupial and a member of the opossum family. It has black and grey waterproof fur and webbed hind feet. It is the only living marsupial where both sexes have a backward-pointing pouch.
The Cuban War of Independence, also known as Guerra de los Diez Años or the Guerra Grande and also the Guerra de Cuba in Spain, was a war that was led by the Cuban revolutionary Carlos Manuel de Céspedes against the Spanish government in Cuba.
Henning Jenson was a Danish footballer. He played as a forward. He played for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach, Spanish club Real Madrid, Dutch club Ajax and Danish club AGF Aarhus. He won seven trophies in his club career, including four league titles. He also played for the Denmark national team from 1972 to 1980, scoring nine goals in 21 games. He was born in Nørresundby.
Havana is a city in Arkansas in the United States.
Jurançon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.
Puerto Rico Senatorial district IV is a senatorial district of Puerto Rico.
A hangar is a closed structure made to hold aircraft while it is on the ground. It is like a garage but for aircraft instead of cars. A hangar is most often made of metal, but may be made of other things like wood and concrete. It protects the aircraft from weather and sun damage.
Annie Jump Cannon was an American astronomer. She was born on December 11, 1863 in Dover, Delaware and died on April 13, 1941 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Labeaume  is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
Robert Mitchum was an American actor.he died of lung cancer at age 79 in California. He was born in Bridgeport Connecticut in 1917
Bromeliads are a family of tropical plants which includes the pineapple and several colourful houseplants. They are nearly all from Latin America and the Caribbean islands, except for Spanish moss from the southern United States, and a single kind from Africa.
Highway 91 is an alternative freeway route to Highway 99 through Delta, New Westminster and Richmond. The highway was built in two parts, the first part from Delta to East Richmond in 1986, and the second part across Richmond in 1989.
Samantha Jane "Sam" Stosur is an Australian professional tennis player. She won the 2011 US Open singles title and was a finalist at the 2010 French Open. Stosur is ranked World No. 5 and her career high in singles is World No. 4, achieved on 21 February 2011. She is a former world No. 1 on the WTA Tour in doubles with Lisa Raymond from the United States.She is currently Australian Number 1.
Princess Helena was the third daughter and fifth child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
The Ministry of the Environment and Sustainable Development of Argentina was a ministry of the national executive power that oversees the government's policy on environmental issues and promotes sustainable development.
Betoncourt-sur-Mance is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.
Columbia Heights is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 21,973 at the 2020 census. Minnesota State Highways 47 and 65 are two of the main routes in the city.
Maharaja Kalu Thapa Kshatri or simply, Kalu Thapa was the first King of Takam State. The Thapa dynasty of Takam Kingdom continued for 300 years only to be defeated by Dimba Bam Malla to form bigger Parbat State. Yashodhara Thapa, King of Jyamrukot (Jamarik), is the male progenitor of the Bhimsen Thapa family and leading Bada Kaji Amar Singh Thapa.
Brtnice is a town in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 3,900 people live there.
Målilla is an urban area in the county of Kalmar in Sweden. It is in Hultsfred Municipality.
Pilot whales are two species of oceanic dolphins, whose scientific name is Globicephala. The two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale. Their behaviour resembles that of the larger whales more than that of dolphins.
A coprolite is fossilized faeces. Coprolites are trace fossils, not body fossils. They give evidence of the animal's behaviour.
George Jan Kooymans was a Dutch rock singer and guitarist. He was best known for his work with the Dutch group Golden Earring. Kooymans wrote "Twilight Zone", the group's only top 10 entry on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, which hit No. 1 as well.
Mouffy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.
4D, meaning the common 4 dimensions, is a theoretical concept in mathematics. It has been studied by mathematicians and philosophers since the 18th century. Mathematicians who studied four-dimension space in the 19th century include Möbius, Schläfi, Bernhard Riemann, and Charles Howard Hinton.
John Couch Adams, was an English mathematician and astronomer. Adams was born in Laneast, Cornwall and died in Cambridge. He was famous for co-discovering the planet Neptune.
Palizada is a city in the Mexican state of Campeche. It is a largest city in the municipality of Palizada. In 2020, 3,485 people lived there.
Lois Nettleton was an American actress. She acted in television and movies and on stage. She was a semifinalist at the 1948 Miss America pageant. She acted in dozens of television shows, including Gunsmoke and Daniel Boone.
Riveris is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The municipality lies in the valley of the river Riveris. As of 31 December 2018, 402 people lived there.
Audrey Mary Totter was an American actress. She worked for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a contract star. Totter was known for her role on Medical Center.
Hohentengen is a municipality in Sigmaringen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
El Seibo is a Dominican province in the eastern part of the country. Its capital city is Santa Cruz del Seibo.
Belle du Berry was a French singer-songwriter, and actress. She was born in Bourges, France. In 1992, she worked with Philippe Decouflé to choreograph the ballets for the opening of the 1992 Winter Olympics. She was known for being a member of the Paris Combo.
The South Dakota House of Representatives is the lower house of the South Dakota Legislature. It has 70 members, two from each legislative district. The South Dakota House of Representatives meets at the South Dakota State Capitol in Pierre.
José Carlos Dívar Blanco was a Spanish government official. He was born in Málaga, Spain. He was President of the General Council of the Judiciary and the Supreme Court from September 2008 to June 2012.
Tower Gateway is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in the Tower ward in the City of London, England. It is located near the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. It is located on the site of the former London and Blackwall Railway station at Minories and is close to Fenchurch Street station. Tower Gateway is within Travelcard Zone 1.
San Basilio is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,238 people lived there. Its area is 44.63 km². It is 415 meters above sea level.
SpaceX Demo-2 was the first crewed test flight of the Crew Dragon spacecraft, from the company SpaceX. It launched on 30 May 2020 at 19:22:45 UTC. It was heading to the International Space Station.
Jean-Laurent Cochet was a French actor and director. He is known for his roles in A Thousand Billion Dollars (1982) and Fort Saganne (1984). He was born in Romainville, Seine-Saint-Denis.
William Duborgh Jensen was a Norwegian fashion and costume designer. He was Norway's first "haute couturier" with his own collection in 1958. He later worked in television and movie as a costume designer.
Count Arvid Rutger Fredriksson Posse, born 15 February 1820, dead 24 April 1901, was a Swedish politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Sweden from 1880 to 1883.
Waldolwisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is the third largest city in the continent of Africa. About eleven million people live there. Kinshasa is also a province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ashish Kumar Jha is an Indian American general internist physician and academic. He was a Dean at the Brown University School of Public Health. He was also a professor at Harvard University and a senior advisor at Albright Stonebridge Group. Jha's role at Brown University focuses on improving the quality and cost of health care, and on the impact of public health policy.
PackageKit is a free group of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems. PackageKit was made by Richard Hughes.
Kung-fu or gongfu or gung fu is a term often used by speakers of the English language to refer to Chinese martial arts. It is the art of self-defence and fighting, including without any weapons, as developed in ancient China.
A nest is a place where animals build to hold their eggs or provide a place to raise their babies. They are most typical of birds, but many other vertebrates do make nests.
Finhaut is a municipality of the district Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Evloghios (Hessler) (February 21, 1935 – January 20, 2019) was a German-born Italian religious figure. He was the Archbishop of Milan and Longobardia from 1990 until his death in 2019. He was Orthodox Metropolitan of Aquileia and Western Europe and Primate of the Holy Synod of Milan.
Moorhead is a city in Iowa in the United States.
Bois-le-Roi is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.
Brindabella is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after the Brindabella Range. It is the largest of the five electorates.
António de Oliveira Salazar, GColIH, GCTE, GCSE, was the Prime Minister and dictator of Portugal from 1932 to 1968. He was the President of the Republic in 1951, as interim. He started and led the Estado Novo, the authoritarian, right-wing government that ruled Portugal from 1932 to 1974.
Saint-Priest-en-Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.
Donald Louis Mossi was an American major league pitcher from 1954 to 1965. He was a left-handed control pitcher. He played for the Cleveland Indians (1954–1958), Detroit Tigers (1959–1963), Chicago White Sox (1964) and for the Kansas City Athletics (1965). Mossi was born in St. Helena, California.
On 9 August 2024, Voepass Linhas Aéreas Flight 2283, an ATR 72-500 Brazilian domestic flight from Cascavel to Guarulhos, crashed in Vinhedo, São Paulo State. The plane was flying at an altitude of 17,000 ft (5,200 m) before to stalling and spun with a rapid descent at around 13:22 BRT. All 62 people on board died.
An intermediate massed black hole is a black hole that is between 100 to 1,000 times the mass of our Sun. It is more massive than a stellar black hole, but less massive than a supermassive black hole.
Guernica is a world-famous painting by Pablo Picasso. It is one of the world's greatest anti-war paintings. It is a very large painting which shows the bombing of the Spanish town of Guernica in 1937 during the Spanish Civil War.
Bergrheinfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.
Baron Kijūrō Shidehara  was a Japanese politician. He was the prime minister of Japan from 1945 to 1946. He was a leading supporter of pacifism in Japan before and after World War II.
Salvatore "Sam" Giancana, was a Sicilian American mobster, notable as being boss of the criminal Chicago Outfit from 1957–1966. His nicknames were "Mooney", "Momo", "Sam the Cigar", and "Sammy".
Kandal is a province in Cambodia. Its capital and largest city is Ta Khmao. Kandal Province completely surrounds the national capital Phnom Penh.
Wuppenau is a municipality in Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Ada Hegerberg is a Norwegian association football player who currently plays for Olympique Lyonnais and the Norway women's national football team. She has an older sister named Andrine Hegerberg. She waspart of Norway's 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.
Decapitated are a Polish technical death metal band from Krosno.
Guide dogs are dogs trained to help blind or vision impaired people live on their own. They are sometimes called "Seeing Eye" dogs. Guide dogs are one type of assistance animals, which are animals trained to help people with a disability to lead more complete lives.
Koudougou is a city in Burkina Faso. It is the third largest city in Burkina Faso. A census taken in 2006 stated that 82,720 people lived in the city; 40,229 were male and 42,491 were female.
LaGrange County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, 40,446 people lived there. The county seat is LaGrange.
Irwin is a city in Iowa in the United States.
Seebach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Dame Eleanor Fulton Laing is a British politician. She has been the Member of Parliament for the Epping Forest constituency since 1997. Laing is a member of the Conservative Party. She has served as Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons since 2020.
Eskandar Firouz was an Iranian environmentalist and politician. He was the first Director of the Department of Environment in Iran. He created Iran’s ecological conservation and management program. Firouz was known as the father of environmental protection and conservation in Iran.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a national park in Tennessee and North Carolina in the United States. It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The park is along the Great Smoky Mountains, which are part of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It is connected to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia by the Blue Ridge Parkway. It is the most visited national park in the United States.
Max Lüscher was a Swiss psychotherapist. He was known for inventing the Lüscher color test. This was a tool for measuring an individual's psycho-physical state based on his or her color preferences. Lüscher worked for international companies, among other things giving color advice. His book The Lüscher Test has been translated into more than 30 languages.
Peter "Petey" Williams III is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). During his time there, he was the captain of Team Canada and was a two time TNA X Division Champion. Williams is known by the nickname "The Canadian Destroyer" because of his front flip piledriver finishing move of the same name.
Kansas' 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kansas. It includes most of the eastern part of Kansas. The size of the district is less than a quarter of the state. The state capital of Topeka and the city of Lawrence are both in this district.
Springtails (Collembola) are six-legged arthropods. They used to be thought of as proto-insects, but now they are not regarded as insects. They do not have wings.
Hastein was a Viking chieftain. He lived in the late 9th century. He is famous for his attacks on cities in England, Spain, France, and Italy.
HSBC Bank Uruguay S.A. is the principal HSBC operating company in Uruguay. It is the fifth-largest bank in the country, it provided a full range of banking and financial products and services, including commercial, consumer and corporate banking.
Quinton de Kock is a cricketer from South Africa and retired captain of the South Africa national cricket team. He was born on December 17, 1992.
Imrali is an island in the Marmara Sea in Turkey. There is only a jail in the island and no other buildings. Abdullah Öcalan is imprisoned there since 1999. Adnan Menderes the former prime minister of Turkey was executed there in 1961.
Frederick Shelton Hubbell is an American politician and businessman. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Iowa in the 2018 Governors' election.
La Neuville-Sire-Bernard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.
Heth is the eighth letter of the Hebrew and Arabic alphabets.
Września is a small town in Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland. 30,000 people live in Września and the mayor is Tomasz Kałużny.
Alvarezsaurus is a small dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina, about 86–83 million years ago. It measured about two meters in length and weighed 20 kilograms.
Berge Ragnar Furre was a Norwegian historian, theologian and politician. He was a member of the Socialist People's Party (SF) and later Socialist Left Party (SV). He was the leader of the Socialist Left Party from 1976 until 1983. He was also known for work on 1900s Norwegian history. He was born in Sjernarøy, Finnøy.
Alfred Pampalon was born in the city of Lévis, Quebec, and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré. He was a Redemptorist priest known for having a deep faith in God and a deep love of Mary. He is a patron for people with addictions.
Bretzwil is a municipality of the district of Waldenburg in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.
K. Ramachandra Babu was an Indian award-winning cinematographer of over 125 movies. Babu was born in Maduranthakam, Tamil Nadu, India. His best known works were Dweepu, Chamaram and Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha.
Gustav Metzger was a British artist and political activist. He was best known for developing the concept of auto-destructive art (ADA) and the Art Strike. He was also one of the starters of the Destruction in Art Symposium in September 1966.
Kōzō Watanabe  is a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Japan. He was a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet.
Leila Otadi is an Iranian actress born on August 5, 1983Tehran, Iran.
José Pedro Antonio Vélez de Zúñiga was a Mexican politician and lawyer. In the aftermath of a successful coup against president Vicente Guerrero, he was placed at the head of a triumvirate that briefly led the Mexican government during the last days of 1829.
A Honden is the most sacred building at a Shinto shrine where the kami is actually enshrined. It is where the shintai is held.
Alexander Jagiellon of the House of Jagiellon was the Grand Duke of Lithuania and later also King of Poland. He was the fourth son of Casimir IV Jagiellon. He was Elected grand duke of Lithuania on the death of his father (1492) and king of Poland on the death of his brother John I Albert.
Marie Korsaga is an astrophysicist from Burkina Faso. She is the first female Burkinabe astrophysicist. Korsaga studies dark matter. She also supports girls who are interested in science.
Hasan Abdal is an historic town in Northern Punjab, Pakistan. It is famous for the old Gurdwara Sri Panja Sahib shrine there, one of the most sacred places of Sikhism.
A converter is a chemical reactor which turns raw iron into steel.
Richland County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 17,304 people lived there. Its county seat is Richland Center.
The Town of Grand Lake is a statutory town in Grand County, Colorado. It is near Rocky Mountain National Park. The population was 410 at the 2020 census.
Gary Wayne Holt is an American guitarist. He currently plays for the thrash metal bands Exodus and Slayer.
Eberhard Edzard van der Laan was a Dutch lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA).
Alnham is a village and civil parish in Northumberland, England. It is 23 km west of Alnwick. The source of the River Aln is in the village. Less than 100 people live there in 2011. It has a church called St Michael.
Duje Ćaleta-Car is a Croatian professional footballer He plays as a centre-back for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the Croatia national team. He was a member of the Croatian squad which ended as runners-up to France in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Gulf Arabic is a variety of the Arabic language spoken in Eastern Arabia around the coasts of the Persian Gulf in Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, eastern Saudi Arabia, northern Oman, and by some Iranian Arabs.
A thioether is a molecule with the group R-S-R. The first atom in R is a carbon. Thioethers take their name from ethers. They have a sulfur instead of an oxygen atom between the two R. Thioethers can have very bad smells like thiols. They can also be called sulfides. The C-S-C bond is at nearly 90 degrees.
A throw-in in football (soccer) is when the ball has come off the opposite team, the other team picks that ball up and throws it in and the game continues.
The Mark of Zorro is a 1920 silent movie. It stars Douglas Fairbanks and Noah Beery. This "swashbuckler" adventure was the first movie version of The Mark of Zorro. It was based on the 1919 story "The Curse of Capistrano" by Johnston McCulley. This book introduced the masked hero, Zorro. The screenplay was adapted from the book by Fairbanks and Eugene Miller.
John Peter Farnham AO is an English-born Australian singer.
The Dornbirn District is a district in Vorarlberg, Austria. It has an area of 172.7 km². As of 2012, 82,721 people lived there. The administrative center of the district is Dornbirn.
Copper(I) iodide, also known as cuprous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuI. It has copper and iodide ions in it. The copper is in its +1 oxidation state.
Tyler L. Arnason is an American retired professional ice hockey center. He played a career total of 487 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Ottawa Senators, and Colorado Avalanche.
In South African, Namibian, Zambian, Botswanan, and Zimbabwean context, the term Coloured is used to refer to people of mixed European and Khoisan or Bantu ancestry.
Car is a British automotive enthusiast magazine. It is published monthly by Bauer Consumer Media. It features a regular group test under the 'Giant Test' name, which was originally developed by the magazine in the 1960s. It also features 'newcomer' first drives of new cars, interviews with significant figures in the motor industry, and other features. It was founded in 1962.
Craig '133' Jones also known as 133, The Silent One, or by his number #5,, is an American musician. He is best known as the sampler and keyboard player of the metal band, Slipknot.
Burelles is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 134 people lived there.
Rolf Böhme was a German politician who was the mayor of Freiburg for 20 years between 1982 and 2002. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Benjamin Obadiah Iqbal Zephaniah was a British Jamaican writer, dub poet and Rastafarian. He was included in The Times list of Britain's top 50 post-war writers in 2008.
In physics and chemistry, a nucleon refers to any subatomic particle found in the nucleus of an atom. For instance, protons and neutrons are nucleons, since they are in the nucleus of the atom. Nucleons are made of quarks.
Singapore Zoo is a zoo in Singapore. It is ranked fourth worldwide, as recognized by TripAdvisor's 2017 Traveller's Choice awards.
Margo MacDonald was a Scottish politician and television and radio presenter. She was a member of the Scottish National Party (SNP), Member of Parliament (MP) and Deputy Leader. She was later an Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Lothian region. She was also a schoolteacher and assisted suicide campaigner.
Sir Francis Forbes was the first Chief Justice (judge) of New South Wales. Before he set up the court system in Australia, people were tried by legal tribunals. The town of Forbes, New South Wales was named after him.
The Atlanta Flames were an ice hockey team in the NHL from Atlanta, Georgia, USA from 1972 to 1980. The team was moved to Calgary, Alberta, Canada for the start of the 1980–81 NHL season and were renamed the Calgary Flames. The team was named after the burning of Atlanta, led by U.S. Army general William Sherman during the American Civil War.
Domenico De Simone was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party (PCI). He served as a Senator from 1976 to 1979. He was then elected to the Chamber of Deputies, serving from 1979 to 1983. De Simone was born in Torremaggiore and was the town's mayor between 1960 and 1976.
Rudy is a town in the US state of Arkansas.
The United States Secretary of Health and Human Services is the head of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, concerned with health matters. The Secretary reports to the President of the United States. The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet.
Nougat is a sweet food. It goes inside many candy bars. Its texture is fluffy. It is made of egg whites with sugar or honey mixed in. In Europe it is a Christmas food.
Eleanor Johnston, known by her stage name Cristy Lane, is an American country and gospel singer. She is best known for having major country hit songs in the late 1970s and early 1980s. One of her hits was the cover version of "One Day at a Time" (1979).
Crass was one of the first anarcho-punk bands. The band was formed in Essex, England in 1977. The band split up in 1984.
John Marlan Poindexter is a retired United States naval officer and Department of Defense official. He was Deputy National Security Advisor and National Security Advisor for the Reagan administration. He was convicted in April 1990 of multiple felonies as a result of his actions in the Iran–Contra affair, but his convictions were reversed on appeal in 1991.
Charles VIII of France was the King of France from 1483 to 1498. He was the son of Louis XI and Charlotte of Savoy. He was born on June 30, 1470 in the Chateau d'Amboise, France.
Lane Allen Evans was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 until 2007, representing the 17th District of Illinois.
Poitou was a province of France of west-central France whose capital city was Poitiers. There is a marshland called the Poitevin Mar on the Gulf of Poitou, on the west coast of France, just north of La Rochelle and west of Niort.
Golden age is an expression that people use when they are talking or writing about a time that is past, when everything seemed to be good.
Boynton Beach is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 80,380 at the 2020 census. Boynton Beach had the second highest population in the county. Boynton Beach was founded in 1920.
The King's Pawn Game is any chess opening starting with the move:1. e4
The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908, when it was known as the American Grand Prize. The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship. From 2000 to 2007, the race was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway road course. the United States Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One calendar starting in 2008.
Pfatter is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Danube.
The XYZ Affair was a political affair in 1797 and 1798 when John Adams was president. The affair involved the United States and the French First Republic. This affair led to the Quasi-War.
Antonio Pennacchi was an Italian writer. He was born in Latina, Lazio. He won the 2010 Strega Prize for his novel, Canale Mussolini. He also wrote Il fasciocomunista.
Richard Henderson is a Scottish molecular biologist and biophysicist. He is a pioneer in the field of electron microscopy of biological molecules. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2017 with Jacques Dubochet and Joachim Frank.
Carrion beetle is the name for a group of beetles, where the larvae feed on raw flesh. They are also known as large carrion beetles or burying beetles. They are in the family Silphidae, which belongs to the order Coleoptera.
Eddystone is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,459 at the 2020 census.
The 2016 Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections were held on Monday, May 9, 2016, as part of the 2016 general election. This was the 16th direct presidential election in the Philippines since 1935 and the fifth sextennial presidential election since 1992.
Klaus Maria Brandauer is an Austrian actor and director. He is also a professor at the Max Reinhardt Seminar.
Irmgard Seefried was a famous German soprano who sang opera and lieder.
Florence Arnold is a British singer-songwriter and a model. She began singing around 2008. Her debut EP record, Introduction, came out in 2010. She has released two albums since then, in 2011 and 2012.
Squirrel Hill is a residential neighborhood in the East End of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The city splits into two neighborhoods, Squirrel Hill North and Squirrel Hill South, but both are treated as a single neighborhood.
A reed switch is an electrical switch that changes its position via magnetism. It is turned on by bringing a magnet near to the switch. Once the magnet is pulled away from the switch, the reed switch will go back to its original position. If the magnet is an electromagnet, it is a reed relay. The reed switch was invented at Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1936 by W. B. Ellwood.
Lindsay John Brown was a New Zealand accountant. He was chancellor of the University of Otago from 2004 to 2008.
Bregenz is the capital of Vorarlberg, the westernmost federal state of Austria. About 27.000 people live in the city proper, its agglomeration has about 60.000 people. Together with Lindau, the settled area has about 120.000 people. The city has a port on Lake Constance and is a railway hub.
Toki Air, officially TOKI AIR Co., ltd. , is a Japanese low-cost, regional airline based at Niigata Airport. It was founded on July 29, 2020 and is expected to start operations in late 2023.
The Lwów ghetto was a specific area in Lwów, Ukraine where the Nazis forced Jews to live during the Holocaust. Jews were not allowed to live outside of these areas.
Barkat Gourad Hamadou was a Djiboutian politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Djibouti from 2 October 1978 until 7 March 2001. He was born in Dikhil Region, French Somaliland. He resigned in 2001 due to health problems.
Wilum Hopfrog Pugmire was an American horror fiction writer. He was born in Seattle, Washington. His works typically are published as W. H. Pugmire. His works were inspired by Lovecraftian lore.
Vibble is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,286 people lived there.
1067 (MLXVII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar, the 1067th year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 67th year of the 2nd millennium, the 67th year of the 11th century, and the 8th year of the 1060s decade. As of the start of 1067, the Gregorian calendar was  6 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which was the dominant calendar of the time.
Newmarket is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,430 people lived there.
A cheque is a paper used to give money from one person or business to another person or business. To the person getting the cheque, it is a paper that allows them to go to a bank and get money. To the person writing the cheque, it is a promise to pay the bank that is giving the money to the person who turned the cheque in.
Jonathan Rechner, better known by his ring name Balls Mahoney, was an American professional wrestler who was best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). He was born in Spring Lake Heights, New Jersey.
Starbuck is a city in Pope County, Minnesota, United States.
Garden cress is a fast-growing eatable herb that is related to watercress and mustard, sharing their peppery taste and aroma. Garden cress is usually grown in England, France, the Netherlands and Scandinavia.
Tangut is a Sino-Tibetan language. It is an extinct language. It was spoken by the Tangut people. It was an official language of the Western Xia dynasty. The language is written with the Tangut script.
Walenstadt is a small city in east Switzerland. It is near Lake Walen and is divided in four part cities: Tscherlach, Berschis, Walenstadt and Walenstadtberg.
FC Stahl Linz is a football club from the Upper Austrian capital of Linz, Austria.
Germantown is a town in Columbia County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,936 people live in Germantown.
Christopher John Wilson was an Australian blues musician and singer-songwriter.
Wil is a municipality in the district Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
Julius Dorpmüller was the German minister of transport between 1937 and 1945. He was a member of the Cabinet Hitler. From 1926 to 1945, he was the Director-general of the "Deutsche Reichsbahn".
Jürgen Prochnow is a German-American actor. His best-known roles are: the U-Boat captain in Das Boot (1981), Duke Leto Atreides in Dune (1984), the minor but important role of Kazakh dictator General Ivan Radek in Air Force One (1997), and the antagonist Maxwell Dent in Beverly Hills Cop II (1987).
T-Series is a record label in India started by Gulshan Kumar in 1983. T-Series is one of the fastest-growing channels on YouTube. In April 2019, T-Series became a YouTube channel with the most subscribers, surpassing PewDiePie. In late May 2019, T-Series officially became the first YouTube channel ever to pass 100 million subscribers.
Before this, Yukon used the coat of arms on it. Flag experts say that the blue, white and green stripes.
Richard Francis "Dick" Gordon, Jr., , was an American former naval officer and aviator, chemist, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. He was one of only 24 people to have flown to the Moon, as the Command Module Pilot for the Apollo 12 mission. He was born in Seattle, Washington.
Kagoshima  is a Japanese city in Kagoshima Prefecture on the island of Kyushu. It is the capital city of the prefecture.
An octagon or 8-gon is a polygon that has exactly 8 sides.
Carolina Herrera is a Venezuelan American fashion designer. Known for her elegant style, she started her fashion brand in 1980. Herrera has dressed several First Ladies, including Jacqueline Onassis, Laura Bush, Michelle Obama, and Melania Trump.
Domart-sur-la-Luce is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France. In 2011, 427 people lived there. The village was destroyed during World War I.
Geneva is a canton in Switzerland. The capital of the canton is Geneva City.
The D Series were pickup trucks made by the Dodge division of Chrysler. These were made from 1961 to 1980. From 1981 on, these trucks were renamed Dodge Ram.
John Charles Frémont or Fremont was an American military officer, and explorer. He was the first candidate of the anti-slavery Republican Party for the office of President of the United States in 1856.
Bilbao is a city in the Basque Country, in the North of Spain. There are 350,000 people living in Bilbao.
Saint-Rémy-en-Rollat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.
Röschenz is a municipality in the district of Laufen in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.
Richardson is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.
The Wannsee Conference was a meeting of senior Nazi officials during World War II. It was organized by Adolf Eichmann and Reinhart Heydrich, and took place in the Berlin suburb of Wannsee on 20 January 1942.
Gosnay is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Roy Fisher was a British poet and jazz pianist. His poetry shows the relationship to both European and American modernist influences, while remaining grounded in the experience of living in the English Midlands.
Igor Muradyan was an Armenian political activist. He was one of the earliest leaders of the Karabakh movement, along with  Zori Balayan, Silva Kaputikyan and Viktor Hambardzumyan.
Mario Machado was an eight-time Emmy Award-winning television and radio broadcaster. He made television history when, in 1970, he became the first Chinese-American on-air television news reporter and anchor in Los Angeles and perhaps in the nation.
Montechiarugolo is a comune in the Province of Parma in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.
Bua is a locality in Varberg Municipality in Halland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,746 people lived there.
Human rights in Jordan are similar to or better than those elsewhere in the Middle East. Human Rights Watch reported in January 2018 that although recently there have been far-reaching reforms of the laws and regulations in the country, abuses against basic rights such as freedom of expression persisted.
Michel Sénéchal was a French tenor. He worked with French and Italian character roles in a repertory ranging from Baroque to contemporary works. Sénéchal was born in Paris, France.
Smolensk is a city in Russia. It is located on the Dnieper River, and 360 kilometers (220 mi) west-southwest of Moscow. It is the administrative center of Smolensk Oblast. As of 2014, the population was 330,000.
The First Jewish–Roman War was the first and biggest of the Jewish–Roman wars in the Judaea province. It is often called The Great Revolt. It happened from 66–70 AD, and ended with the Empire winning.
George Simon was a Guyanese artist and archaeologist. He was the founder and mentor of the Lokono Artists Group, a group of Lokono artists from Guyana. He was seen as one of the leading Guyanese artists. His paintings are known for their explorations of Amerindian culture and the Guyanese environment.
Manayangath Subramanian Viswanathan, also known as M.S.V., was an Indian music director, composer, and singer. He was popularly known as Mellisai Mannar. He composed songs in 1200 movies from Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada, and Hindi languages. He worked primarily in Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu movies.
Stuart Orlando Scott was an American sportscaster and anchor on ESPN, most notably on the network's SportsCenter. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.
Louis Johnson was an American bass guitarist.
Nándor Hidegkuti was a Hungarian football player and manager. He played as a forward or attacking midfielder and mostly played for MTK Hungária FC.
William Pond Baker is an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 10th congressional district from 1993 through 1997. After leaving Congress, Baker returned to the field of finance, and was a partner in the Baker, Brose & Mitsutome investment management firm.
Malaga is a Spanish city in Andalusia, Spain on the Mediterranean coast. The city has 560,000 people. There are more than 1,000,000 people in the surrounding area. It is the second biggest city in Andalusia after Sevilla, and the sixth biggest in Spain. The 20th century artist Pablo Picasso was born in Málaga.
Ernst Ocwirk was an Austrian football player and coach. He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien in Austria and U.C. Sampdoria Genua in Italy. He was also a player of the Austrian national football team. He is regarded as one of the greatest Austrian footballers of all time.
Grosse Tête is a village in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Vanessa Bayer is an American actress and comedian. She is best known as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 2010 to 2017. She earned a Primetime Emmy nomination.
The Kingdom of Scotland was a historic country and state. It started in the Early Middle Ages and was in existence until the early modern period.
Eugene Garfield was an American linguist and businessman, one of the founders of bibliometrics and scientometrics. Garfield's work led to the development of several Information Retrieval algorithms, like HITS and Pagerank.
Curved Array  is an asterism or small constellation in Chinese astronomy. It has six stars in the original version and 16 in the new version.
Ångermanland is a historical province in northern Sweden. A major river is the Ångerman River.
Shrewsbury Castle is a medieval castle located in the county town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is built out of red sandstone and stands on a hill in the neck of the meander of the River Severn. It is directly above Shrewsbury railway station and is a Grade I listed building.
Michael Fassbender is a German and Irish actor. He is best known for appearing in the movies Inglourious Basterds (2009), X-Men: First Class (2011), Prometheus (2012), 12 Years a Slave (2013), and X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014).
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical fantasy movie directed by Mel Stuart. It stars Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka and Jack Albertson as Grandpa Joe. It is a movie version of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.
Madhvacharya was an Indian philosopher and theologian. He was also called Purna Prajna and Ānanda Tīrtha. He believed in the Dvaita (dualism) school of Vedanta. Madhva called his opinions Tattvavāda.This word means "arguments from a realism viewpoint".
Tu'u Maori was a Papua New Guinea international rugby league footballer. He played as a wing or center. He played in the Australian National Youth Championship for the Cronulla Sharks and Sydney Roosters. He played for the Papua New Guinea national rugby league team in 2008.
Colwood is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada. Colwood is southwest of Victoria. It is on Vancouver Island. There were 18,961 people living there at the 2021 census. The current mayor of Colwood is Doug Kobayashi.
Hypersomnia is a medical condition which is characterized by unusual sleepiness. People with hypersomnia easily feel sleepy during the day, and fall asleep.
Cartosio is a comune in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.
Audenshaw is a town in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 11,419 people lived there.
Carolina Ann Maria "Caroline" van der Plas is a Dutch journalist and politician. She is party leader of FarmerCitizenMovement. That party is focused on the interests of the rural environment in general and of the farmers in particular.
Tardigrades are microscopic, segmented animals. They live in water. They are members of the tactopod phylum Tardigrada, part of the superphylum Ecdysozoa. They are also known as water bears or moss piglets.
Rozhyshche is a city in Volyn Oblast (province), Ukraine. It is in the Lutsk Raion (district). In 2022, 12,483 people lived there.
Subroto was an Indonesian politician and economist. He was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources between 1978 and 1988, and Secretary General of OPEC between 1988 and 1994.
Saint-Sauflieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.
Villenavotte is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.
Harry Dornbrand was an American aerospace engineer. He was vice president, then President of Fairchild Industries Space and Electronics division. He was also President of American Satellite Corporation. He was a member of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Paolo Vinaccia was an Italian-Norwegian composer, jazz drummer, and percussionist. He became a Norwegian citizen in 1979. Vinaccia was born in Rome.
Aruba's national flag was adopted on March 18, 1976. The flag has a field of light blue, two narrow parallel horizontal yellow stripes in the bottom half, and a four-pointed white-fimbriated red star in the canton.
Samuel Conti was an American jurist. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California from 1970 until his retirement in 1987. In 1987, he became senior judge of the court. He was born in Los Angeles, California.
The Mascarene Islands, or Mascarenes, is a group of islands in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar.
Thorney is a village about eight miles (13 km) east of Peterborough city centre, on the A47 in England.
Pope Evaristus is the fifth Pope of the Catholic Church,. There is very little information about him. He served in Christianity during the years 97-105 C.E.
Stephen Blake Woltz is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name "Hangman" Adam Page. He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).
Otlile "Oti" Mabuse is a South African professional dancer, talent show judge and television presenter who lives in the United Kingdom. She is known for being a professional dancer on the reality television show Strictly Come Dancing and the German version of the show.
Inger Stevens was a Swedish-American actress who was best known for her role as Katy in the television sitcom The Farmer's Daughter.
The two Autonomous Regions of Portugal are the Azores and Madeira.
Santiago Auserón, also known as Juan Perro is a Spanish singer and lyricist. He was songwriter and vocalist of Spanish rock's Radio Futura.
Ron James is a Canadian stand-up comedian, actor, author, and voice actor.
The Loing is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Seine. It flows through three regions of France: Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, Centre-Val de Loire and Île-de-France
Tomb of Cyrus is the tomb and resting place of Cyrus the Great, founder of Persian Empire. This tomb is located at Pasargadae, Fars Province in Iran.
Skai Jackson is an American actress. She is best known for playing Zuri Ross in the Disney Channel sitcom Jessie (2011–2015) and its spin-off series Bunk'd (2015–2018).
Kurmanbek Saliyevich Bakiyev is a politician who was the second President of Kyrgyzstan, from 2005 to 2010.
Bidzina Ivanishvili is a Georgian businessman and politician. He became the Prime Minister of Georgia on 25 October 2012. He resigned his position as Prime Minister on 20 November 2013.
Park Ji-yeon is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known by the stage name Jiyeon. She has been a member of girl group T-ara since 2009. She also performs as a solo artist and is an actress in movies and television.
Madame Curie is a 1943 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy. The movie is based on a 1938 novel by Ève Curie. It stars Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Henry Travers, Albert Bassermann, Robert Walker, C. Aubrey Smith, Elsa Bassermann, Reginald Owen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards in 1944.
Xalapa is the capital city of the Mexican state of Veracruz. In the 2005 census the city reported a population of 387,879.
Charlotte Rae was an American actress, comedian, singer, and dancer who was known for her role as Edna Garrett in Diff'rent Strokes and in The Facts of Life. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Actress in a Comedy in 1982.
Williston is a city of Florida in the United States.
Okiharu Yasuoka  was a Japanese politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). He served as a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet from 1972 to 2017. He also served two terms as the Minister of Justice in 2000 and 2008. He was born in Chiyoda, Tokyo and grew up in Kagoshima Prefecture.
Gómez Pereira was a Spanish philosopher, doctor, and humanist from Medina del Campo. He was most famous for his work in medicine, but he did many different things such as business, engineering, and especially philosophy. As a doctor, he was in favor of using the empirical method, instead of more medieval ideas about medicine.
The 1924 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were held at Paris in France.
Fall River County is a county located in the southwest corner of the U.S. state of South Dakota. As of the 2020 census, 6,973 people lived there. Its county seat is Hot Springs. The county was created in 1883. It is named for Fall River which runs through it.
Rupert Davies was a British actor. He is best known for playing the title role in the BBC's 1960s television adaptation of Maigret, based on Georges Simenon's Maigret novels.
Sundanese Wikipedia is the edition of Wikipedia in the Sundanese language. The article count of the wiki is 60,650 articles
Stummerberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Belfield is a city in Stark County, North Dakota, United States. 996 people lived here at the 2020 census. Belfield was founded in 1883. It is part of the Dickinson Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Rao Bal Kishan Yadav was a king of Rewari region who fought against Nadir shah in the Battle of Karnal.
David Hyde Pierce is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for his role as Dr. Niles Crane in Frasier. He won four Emmy Awards for his role as Dr. Niles Crane and also won two Screen Actors Guild Award, a TCA Award, and a Tony Award.
"Over the River and Through the Wood" is a Thanksgiving poem by Lydia Maria Child. It appeared in the second volume of her Flowers for Children in 1844. The original title of the poem is, "The New-England Boy's Song About Thanksgiving Day".
Pneumodesmus newmani is a species of millipede that lived during the late Wenlock epoch of the Silurian period around 428 million years ago.
Marcus Vinicius Carvalho Lopes D'Almeida is an archer from Brazil. D'Almeida competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, the 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 January 1998.
Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah was the Emir of Kuwait following the death of Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber on 29 September 2020. He was the Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait.
A trough is an elongated area of comparatively low atmospheric pressure, usually in association with weather fronts.
Maya Ivanovna Parnas is a Transnistrian politician. She was the acting Prime Minister of Transnistria two times in 2015.
Ardentown is a village in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
Teddybears are a Swedish band formed in 1991, known for mixing pop, rock, hip-hop, electronica, reggae, punk and multiple other genres.
Rockville is the county seat of Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. According to the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 67,117, making it the fourth largest incorporated city in Maryland.
Hoi An is a city in Quang Nam Province in Vietnam. It is a popular tourist site near Danang. The old town area has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1999. It is a well-kept trading port that mixed native Vietnamese architecture with other types of architecture. Popular ways of traveling the nearby areas are by bicycle, motorcycle, kayak, and motorboat.
Champguyon is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.
Fra Angelico, was an Italian Early Renaissance painter. Giorgio Vasari, who wrote the Lives of the Artists said he had "a rare and perfect talent".
Franco Latini was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Pomezia, Italy. For many years, he gave his voice to many animated characters owned by Warner Bros., Disney and Hanna-Barbera. In his live action roles, he voiced Stan Laurel in the 1968–1970 Italian broadcasts of Laurel and Hardy.
The Constitution of Romania is the fundamental law that made the structure of the government of Romania. It also defines the rights and obligations of citizens.
Fairmont is a city in and the county seat of Martin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 10,487 at the 2020 census.
Lambda Scorpii is a triple star system and the second-brightest object in the constellation of Scorpius. It is also called Shaula. Lambda Scorpii is its Bayer designation, which is translated from λ Scorpii and abbreviated Lambda Sco or λ Sco. With an apparent visual magnitude of 1.62, it is one of the brightest stars in the night sky.
On 12 September 2023, at around 23:00 ICT (UTC+07:00), a fire broke out in a ten-story microapartment building in Hanoi, Vietnam. This building was in the Khương Đình area of the Thanh Xuân district and was home to about 150 people. The fire killed 56 people, including ten children, and injured 37 others.
Proteins are long-chain molecules built from small units known as amino acids, which are joined in a sequence by peptide bonds. Every sequence of amino acids becomes a specific final shape, allowing living things to use proteins as tiny machines to do work.
Lelepa is an island that belongs to the country of Vanuatu. It is right above the island of Etafe.
Peter Nicholls was an Australian literary scholar and critic. He was the creator and a co-editor of The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction with John Clute.
Mario Machado was an eight-time Emmy Award-winning television and radio broadcaster. He made television history when, in 1970, he became the first Chinese-American on-air television news reporter and anchor in Los Angeles and perhaps in the nation.
The flag of Nicaragua was created in 1971.
Diana Jean Krall is a Canadian jazz singer and pianist from Nanaimo, British Columbia.
Siselen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Flemish is a cluster of Dutch dialects spoken by people in the Flanders region of Belgium. Dutch became the official language of the northern part of Belgium in 1938.
Ryuji Koizumi is a Japanese politician. He has been a member of the House of Representatives of Japan since 2000. He was the Minister of Justice from September 2023 to October 2024.
Ashley Estes Kavanaugh is an American public official and former political aide. Since 2004, she has been the wife of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Brett Kavanaugh.
Pascal Hervé was a French road racing cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He raced as a professional from 1994 to 2001. He was born in Tours, France.
Ignácio de Loyola Brandão is a Brazilian writer. He is best known as the author of the dystopian science-fiction novel Zero. He was a critic of totalitarianism. In 2008, he was awarded the Prêmio Jabuti for his novel O Menino que Vendia Palavras. He was born in Araraquara, São Paulo.
The B Line, named the Red Line from 1993–2020, is a rapid transit line in the Los Angeles Metro Rail system. It opened on January 30, 1993, and was fully completed on June 24, 2000. It stops at 14 stations in the San Fernando Valley, Central Los Angeles, and Downtown Los Angeles. The B Line is completely underground.
American Psycho is a 2000 American satirical crime drama movie. It stars Christian Bale, Willem Dafoe, Jared Leto, Chloë Sevigny and Reese Witherspoon. It is set in New York City in the late 1980s. The central character is an investment banker who suffers from social anxiety disorder and narcissism, leading him to become a psychopath and serial killer.
North Salem is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States.
Claire Martin was a Canadian writer. "Claire Martin" was her pseudonym. Her real name was Claire Montreuil.
El Salto del Hanabanilla, also called Hanabanilla, is a Cuban village. The village is in the municipality of Manicaragua, Villa Clara Province. The town has 137 homes. There are 436 people in this town. El Salto del Hanabanilla is also a famous mountain resort for its homonym lake.
The rufous-eyed brook frog is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 775 and 1580 meters above sea level.
The U.S. Interior Highlands is a mountainous region. It is found in the Central United States. It spans from northern and western Arkansas, southern Missouri, eastern Oklahoma, and extreme southeastern Kansas. The highest place in the U.S. Interior Highlands is Mount Magazine which is 2,753 ft high.
Paltamo is a municipality in Kainuu, Finland. It had about 3,600 living there in January 2014. The municipalities next to it are Kajaani, Puolanka, Ristijärvi, Sotkamo and Vaala.
Clémont is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 710 people lived there in January 2019.
The Australia–Uruguay football rivalry or the Australia–Uruguay soccer rivalry is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team and the Uruguay national football team. It dates back to 1974, when Uruguay travelled to Australia for a two-game series before Australia made their FIFA World Cup debut at the 1974 tournament in West Germany.
SUSE is a main version of a Linux distribution, produced in Germany and owned by Attachmate Group. SUSE is also a founding member of the Desktop Linux Consortium. Starting from version "10.2 Alpha 3" its official name is openSUSE. The current mascot of SUSE is a chameleon called "Geeko".
Anhui is a province in the east of China. The capital is Hefei. The area of Anhui is 139,400 km2, the population of it is roughly 62,548,000 (2017).
Desio is an Italian city in Lombardy. Desio is in the Province of Monza and Brianza. About 40,000 people live there. It is known as the birthplace of Pope Pius XI.
Eva Miriam Hart was an RMS Titanic survivor. She was seven years old when she and her parents, Benjamin and Esther, boarded Titanic. Hart was sleeping when the Titanic hit an iceberg at 11:40 PM.
Anjan Das was an Indian movie director. His movies were in the Bengali language. His best known movie was Faltu (2006). He won a National Film Award in the Best Feature Film category.
Kenneth Ray "Ken" Lucas is an American politician. Lucas, a Democrat, was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky's 4th congressional district from 1999 until 2005.
A hearing aid is a small electrical machine which fits in or behind a person's ear. The purpose of a hearing aid is to make sounds louder so the deaf person can hear spoken words and other sounds.
Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Luiza Erundina de Sousa is a Brazilian politician.
A base load power plant is a power station that usually provides a continuous supply of electricity throughout the year with some minimum power generation requirement. Base load power plants will only be turned off during periodic maintenance, upgrading, overhaul or service. Base load power plant has the character of slow demand respond, a mechanism to match generation with the load it supplies.
Future Shop was a Canadian electronic retailer. It was headquartered in Burnaby, British Columbia. The largest Future Shop in Canada was in Edmonton, Alberta. It was purchased on November 4, 2001 for $580 million by Best Buy. It was founded in 1982 by Hassan Khosrowshahi, an Iranian entrepreneur who settled in Vancouver, British Columbia after leaving Iran.
Renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies, including solar photovoltaics, solar thermal power plants, solar heating and cooling systems, wind power, hydroelectricity, geothermal power, biomass, and ocean energy systems. Each is at a different stage of development, yet the market is growing for many renewables.
The battle of Ia Drang was the first major battle between North Vietnam and the United States during the Vietnam War. This battle was a part of the Pleiku campaign.
The Ministry of the Environment and Sustainable Development of Argentina was a ministry of the national executive power that oversees the government's policy on environmental issues and promotes sustainable development.
Gyanendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev was a monarch and the last King of Nepal, reigning from 2001 to 2008. His second reign began after the 2001 Nepalese royal massacre. .
Frankenwinheim is a village in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany and part of Gerolzhofen.
Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public university in Kingsville, Texas, United States. It has about 6,500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1925. It has ties to Texas A&M University.
Saurophaganax is a genus of allosaurid dinosaur from the Morrison Formation of Upper Jurassic in Oklahoma. It lived about 151 million years ago).
Skagerrak is a sea in the northern part of Europe between Norway and Denmark. Skagerrak is a part of the North Sea. To the east is Kattegat.
There are seven municipalities in Baja California are:Ensenada Municipality Mexicali Municipality Playas de Rosarito Municipality San Felipe Municipality San Quintin Municipality Tecate Municipality Tijuana Municipality
John Lundvik is a Swedish-French singer, songwriter, and former sprinter.
Saint-Hilaire-au-Temple is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.
Riobamba is the capital of the Chimborazo Province in central Ecuador, which is located at the Chambo River Valley of the Andes. It is 200 km (120 mi) south of Ecuador's capital Quito.
Gothic Revival architecture is architecture that has been made to look as if it is from medieval times, but is really much later. This architectural style began in the late 1740s in England. Its momentum grew in the early 19th century. Serious and learned admirers of neo-Gothic styles sought to revive medieval Gothic architecture.
McGehee is a city in the US state of Arkansas.
Fran Kranz is an American actor, director, and writer known for his work in film, television, and theater. He gained recognition for his versatile performances and later transitioned into directing with notable success.
The Sundance Film Festival is an American movie festival that takes place every year in Utah. It is one of the largest independent movie festivals in the United States.
Oswaldo Sánchez is a Mexican football player. He plays for Santos Laguna and Mexico national team.
Ségrie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.
