Let's try something.
I have to go to sleep.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
Muiriel is 20 now.
The password is "Muiriel".
I will be back soon.
I'm at a loss for words.
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
That was an evil bunny.
I was in the mountains.
Is it a recent picture?
I don't know if I have the time.
Education in this world disappoints me.
You're in better shape than I am.
You are in my way.
This will cost €30.
I make €100 a day.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
That won't happen.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I miss you.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
You should sleep.
I'm going to go.
I told them to send me another ticket.
You're so impatient with me.
I can't live that kind of life.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
I never liked biology.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
It is unfortunately true.
They are too busy fighting against each other to care for common ideals.
Most people think I'm crazy.
No I'm not; you are!
That's MY line!
He's kicking me!
Are you sure?
Then there is a problem...
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Hurry up.
It doesn't surprise me.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
It depends on the context.
Are you freaking kidding me?!
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
I don't want to be lame; I want to be cool!!
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
I'm so fat.
So what?
I'm gonna shoot him.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
I'm just saying!
That was probably what influenced their decision.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
This is what I would have said.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
That's because you're a girl.
Sometimes I can't help showing emotions.
It's a word I'd like to find a substitute for.
It would be something I'd have to program.
I don't intend to be selfish.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
How many close friends do you have?
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
This is always the way it has been.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
One can always find time.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
When I woke up, I was sad.
That is somewhat explained at the end.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
Most people write about their daily life.
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
Why do you ask?
I am not an artist. I never had the knack for it.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple anymore.
I am a flawed person, but these are flaws that can easily be fixed.
Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.
How long did you stay?
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I think I have a theory about that.
That is intriguing.
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
I do not have an account in these forums.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don't know.
I didn't know where it came from.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
This is not important.
I didn't like it.
She's asking how that's possible.
You're just running away from life's problems.
If you look at the lyrics, they don't really mean much.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
You can do it.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
I have to go to bed.
After that, I left, but then I realized that I forgot my backpack at their house.
I won't ask you anything else today.
It may freeze next week.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
The police will get you to find the bullets.
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
That wasn't my intention.
Thanks for your explanation.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
If you didn't know me that way then you simply didn't know me.
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
I don't know what you mean.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
You wanted to tell me about freedom?
Uh, now it's really weird...
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
One can't expect everything from schools.
There are many words that I don't understand.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves explicitly.
You're really not stupid.
I need to ask you a silly question.
I don't know how to demonstrate it, since it's too obvious!
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
Can it be phrased in another way?
No one will know.
I found a solution, but I found it so fast that it can't be the right solution.
It seems interesting to me.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
I like candlelight.
What did you answer?
No, he's not my new boyfriend.
It's too bad that I don't need to lose weight.
You never have class or what?!
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
Where is the problem?
I can only wait.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
I love you.
I don't like you anymore.
I am curious.
Congratulations!
I don't want to wait that long.
Why don't you come visit us?
But the possibility seems unlikely.
I shouldn't have logged off.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
I hate chemistry.
I didn't want this to happen.
You can probably guess what happens though.
Next thing you know, you'll be in the papers.
What other options do I have?
I am not much of a traveller.
I have nothing better to do.
I can't explain it either.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
It only shows you're not a robot.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
It's not something anyone can do.
I don't know if I still have it.
What do you think I've been doing?
Don't underestimate my power.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
I don't speak French well enough!
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
Therein lies the problem.
How do you find food in outer space?
All you can do is trust one another.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?
I utterly despise formal writing!
Foreign people intrigue me.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
What keeps you up so late?
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
You're not fast enough.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
Bearing can be unbearable.
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
I don't speak Japanese.
This is a pun.
Nobody understands me.
I learned to live without her.
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I just wanted to check my email.
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
I suppose that behind each thing we have to do, there's something we want to do...
You really don't have the right priorities!
Don't expect others to think for you!
You never have time for important things!
It's no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don't believe!
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
I'm so dumb... I'm trying to explain things to you that I don't understand myself.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
Are you referring to me?
There will always be things I will never learn, I don't have eternity before me!
It can't be!
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn't be so important anymore.
A rolling stone gathers no moss is a proverb.
Would you like something to drink?
Who is it? "It's your mother."
When will you be back? "It all depends on the weather."
What's the matter? asked the little white rabbit.
What's going on in the cave? I'm curious. "I have no idea."
We must learn to live together as brothers, or we will perish together as fools.
Uh... How's that working?
To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights. "You are a coward!"
Trust me, he said.
This is what I was looking for! he exclaimed.
This looks pretty interesting, Hiroshi says.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
The phone is ringing. "I'll get it."
That's very nice of you, Willie answered.
Thank you for helping me. "Don't mention it."
Someday I'll run like the wind.
She likes music. "So do I."
Please don't cry.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
I feel like playing cards. "So do I."
Haven't we met somewhere before? asked the student.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
Allen is a poet.
The archer killed the deer.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
Rye was called the grain of poverty.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
The Germans are very crafty.
If you don't eat, you die.
How do you spell "pretty"?
Why don't we go home?
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
Why aren't you going? "Because I don't want to."
One million people lost their lives in the war.
It is not rare at all to live over ninety years.
First, I'm going to do an outline of my new website.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
It wasn't me, commissioner!
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
You're an angel!
People from Madrid are weird.
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
You're lucky because he didn't bite you.
Did you miss me?
Are they all the same?
Thank you very much!
Where are the eggs, please?
I'll take him.
It's a surprise.
That's a good idea!
Round trip? Only one-way.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
They were left speechless.
Damn! It's not bad!
Pull into shape after washing.
Wash before first wearing.
Don't open before the train stops.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
They say love is blind.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Math is like love: a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
Poor is not the one who has too little, but the one who wants too much.
Seeing that you're not surprised, I think you must have known.
How long does it take to get to the station?
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
Do you speak Italian?
I can't think with that noise, she said, as she stared at the typewriter.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
May I ask a question?
How do you feel? he inquired.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
I would never have guessed that.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
You'll forget about me someday.
That is rather unexpected.
I wonder how long it's going to take.
I can't live without a TV.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
I think exams are ruining education.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
Do you have a condom?
Do whatever he tells you.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
It is already eleven.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
Yes, orange juice please, says Mike.
Ah! is an interjection.
What do you want?
The mandatory character of schooling is rarely analyzed in the multitude of works dedicated to the study of the various ways to develop within children the desire to learn.
You suck dude! I have to tell you everything!
I have a bone to pick with you.
Do you need me to give you some money?
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
I have a dream.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
The cost of life increased drastically.
All that which is invented, is true.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
But the universe is infinite.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
The world is a den of crazies.
You opened up my eyes to what it's like when everything is right.
You found me where no one else was looking.
You're by my side; everything's fine now.
What do you mean you don't know?!
You look stupid.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
My name is Jack.
I like it very much.
We're meeting up tomorrow?
How do you say that in Italian?
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Is it far from here?
These things aren't mine!
Thanks, that's all.
Would you like to dance with me?
Italy is a very beautiful country.
It's not my fault!
I'd like to stay for one night.
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
Is there a youth hostel near here?
Where are the showers?
Open your mouth!
Is it bad?
I have lost my wallet.
Love is never wasted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Not wanting is the same as having.
He's very sexy.
Pass me the salt, please. "Here you are."
There are too many things to do!
Come on, play with me, I'm so bored!
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
Stop asking me for a drink! Go get it yourself.
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
I really need to hit somebody.
Who doesn't know this problem?!
It has been so long since I last went to Disneyland with my family.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
I hate those spiders. They're always there to freak me out when I'm cleaning.
So annoying... Now I get a headache whenever I use the computer!
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It is very hot today.
Nobody came.
I never saw a red fridge.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
It's lonely in the saddle since the horse died.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
You know the phrase, we reap what we sow. I have sown the wind and this is my storm.
Look at me when I talk to you!
What would the world be without women?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
This is not my type.
I was trying to kill time.
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
I'm tired.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
Speak more slowly, please!
When do we arrive?
The check, please.
And what are we going to do?
I have a headache.
Where can one make a phone call?
I must admit that I snore.
Tonight we're going to church.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
I don't feel well.
Call the police!
It's too expensive!
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
We're getting out of here. The cops are coming.
Merry Christmas!
It would be so cool if I could speak ten languages!
If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep? "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
You should have listened to me.
It's a complete mess, and it's getting on my nerves.
When the body is touched, receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins.
What does it involve?
One hundred and fifty thousand couples are expected to get married in Shanghai in 2006.
Those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
Bicycles are tools for urban sustainability.
The French government has launched an online game that challenges taxpayers to balance the national budget.
He would be glad to hear that.
What do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it?
Computers make people stupid.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
Most scientific breakthroughs are nothing else than the discovery of the obvious.
If you don't understand something, it's because you aren't aware of its context.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
The key question is not what can I gain but what do I have to lose.
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
Why is life so full of suffering?
Despite the importance of sleep, its purpose is a mystery.
What does it mean to have an educated mind in the 21st century?
Passion creates suffering.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
I'm starving!
Do you have friends in Antigua?
A cubic meter corresponds to 1000 liters.
I have so much work that I will stay for one more hour.
I am married and have two children.
He plays the piano very well.
I see it rarely.
I'd like to study in Paris.
You don't know who I am.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
Why do people go to the movies?
I'm undressing.
The car crashed into the wall.
There are no real visions.
There's no point saying "Hi, how are you?" to me if you have nothing else to say.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
The wind calmed down.
I don't want to propose to you!
Give me time to give you everything I have!
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Who searches, finds.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Silence gives consent.
Have you finished? "On the contrary, I have not even begun yet."
Good morning, said Tom with a smile.
Why does one say "Good day" when the day is not good?
Wine is poetry in bottles.
That was the best day of my life.
I don't understand German.
I made my decision.
I give you my word.
You are the great love of my life.
Being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on.
We have a Pope.
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
A mathematical truth is neither simple nor complicated; it is.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
Mathematicians are like French people: whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field, and how to avoid them.
Doing math is the only socially acceptable way to masturbate in public.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
I don't think, therefore I am not.
Nowadays we want our children to make their own decisions, but we expect those decisions to please us.
Don't worry, be happy!
I find foreign languages very interesting.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Take a book and read it.
Face life with a smile!
Most schools were designed not to transform society, but to reproduce it.